---
title: "Resume - Musliha Selamat"
date: 2024-03-04
---
# Musliha Selamat 
**Leasing & Facility Management | Corporate Services**


## Experience  
- **Senior Executive, Gift Processing, Development Office**, National University of Singapore
  - Proficient in processing diverse forms of university-wide gifts (donations) received in the form cash,cheques, credit cards as well as gifts made via online and external portals while ensuring accurate andtimely recording of gift transactions in Blackbaud Customer Relationship Management System.
  - Work closely with colleagues in the development office, schools, faculties and finance department toreconcile and verify gift information, ensuring all contributions are accurately recorded and accountedfor, facilitating transparent and reliable reporting for stakeholders.
  - Responding to donor inquiries and resolving gift transaction issues promptly within two business days.
  - Partner with IT teams to enhance donation processing systems through collaborative improvements.


  
- **Senior Executive, Corporate Services, Development Office**, National University of Singapore
  - Operate and manage a full spectrum of office service and daily operations. Including liaising withinternal and external stakeholders to support office administration (i.e. On-boarding/off boarding ofstaff, name card ordering, managing pantry supplies, courier services, mailroom operations etc.).
  - Managing departmental purchases and subscriptions, including soliciting quotations, preparingprocurement documents, issuing purchase orders, and monitoring delivery of goods and servicesprocured.
  - Personally address or coordinate with service providers to promptly resolve colleagues' feedbackconcerning office facilities, cleanliness, and equipment issues.
  - Manage preventive and periodic maintenance contracts, and collaborate with contractors and serviceproviders to ensure timely maintenance of office facilities and equipment.
  - Accounts Payable - Verify and process vendors' invoices for timely payment, while also facilitatingvendor registration on the university's portal.


   
- **Senior Executive, Operations, One Marina Boulevard**, Mercatus Co-operative Limited
  - Oversee Grade ‘A’ commercial office building day to day operations, liaising with tenants and attend totenant's request and feedback promptly.
  - Contributed to development, implementation and execution of maintenance programs to optimizeoperational efficiency and reduce downtime.
  - Monitored priorities and liaised between maintenanceteam and management, delegating tasks to complete on time.
  - Supervised daily operations (soft services such as cleaning, landscaping, pest control, rectification ofdefects etc.) including vendor performance, preventive maintenance and safety.
  - Liaising & negotiating with vendors and contractors for the procurement of goods and services.Including, preparation of tender specifications & documents, site show round, putting uprecommendation, preparation of vendor agreement, awarding the tender to the contractor, putting upof purchase requisition & purchase orders through Yardi system.
  - Liaise with legal firm for the formulation of vendor agreement and any arising claims from tenants or vendors.
  - Oversee tenant’s office fit-out and renovation works from vetting of construction drawings till tenantmoved-in.
  - Prepare operational (OPEX & CAPEX) budget and forecasting yearly.



  ## Education 
- **Master of Analytics and Visualisation**, Singapore University of Social Science
  - Graduation Year: 2027

 
  - **Bachelor of Science in Business**, Singapore University of Social Science
  - Graduation Year: 2027



## Awards 
  - **Best Group Project Award**, National University of Singapore
    - Awarded the Best Group Project Award in the Data Literacy Programme for the project titled "Unveiling Philanthropic Patterns Among NUS Staff to Improve Fundraising Strategies." The project employed Power Query, Power BI, linear regression, and hypothesis testing to identify key factors influencing the giving behaviors of NUS staff. The insights derived aimed to enhance fundraising strategies and improve staff participation in charitable giving.


- **Mercatus SPOT Award 2020 & 2021**, Mercatus Co-operative Limited
  - 2021 : For showing great initiative and maintaining high standards of work despite the many challenges presented by Covid.
  - 2020 : For strong display of teamwork and helping fellow colleagues whenever they need an extra hand.
 

  
## Skills  
- Data Analytics (Python, R, SQL)  
- Data Visualization (Power BI, R, Python)
- Other Softwares (MicrOsoft Office, AutoCAD)



## Languages  
- English 
- Malay
- Thai (Basic)
- Mandarin (Basic)



## Professional Certificate
  - **Google Data Analytics Proffessional Certificate**, Coursera/Google
  - **Data Literacy Programme**, National University of Singapore
  - **Artificial Intelligence Competency Course**, National University of Singapore
  - **Business Process Re-Engineering**, National University of Singapore



## Contacts
  - **Email:** muslihaselamat@gmail.com

